# Camara DeviceStatus meeting - MOM-2023-04-12

*April 12th, 2023*

## Attendees

* Akos Hunyadi (Deutsche Telekom)
* Eric Murray (Vodafone)
* Joachim Dahlgreen (Ericsson)
* Mona Mokhber (Telefonica)
* Rafal Artych (Deutsche Telekom)
* Robert Ludivic (Orange)
* Sachin Kumar (Vodafone)

DeviceStatus minutes: [https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/tree/main/documentation/MeetingMinutes)

## Agenda

* Open issues 
* Open PRs
* AOB


### Open issues:

* [#34 New Endtype Connectivity](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/34)
  - rewrite the issue to one time request
  - start discussion 
* [#24 Tag version 0.2.0](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/24)
  - 0.2.0 release branch is created but it should be protected => this issue can be closed
* [#17 Subscription Mode with new Eventtypes](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/17)
  - related to the PR about subscriptions: https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/pull/173 . This issue should be discussed or modified after its approval.
* [#15 Update commonalities glossary with subproject relevant terms](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/15)
  - update with camelcase names (Rafal)
* [#14 Align error message with structure defined in the guideline](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/issues/14)
  - Mona creates the PR, target 0.5.0-wip

### Open PRs
* [#33 Update MAINTAINERS.MD](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/33)
  - needs owner review
* [#31 Adding notification/subscription for Device Status](https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceStatus/pull/31)
  - on hold

## AOB
* Create 0.4.0 release branch (Akos)
* Further releases should be developed as proposed in Commonalities, using -wip in the version name during development of the next release

* Next call will be on 12.04.2023 11:00 CET
